update addresses.json file using vm.writeJson (#84)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md

<a id="#run-function"></a>

-   `run()`: This function serves as the entry point for proposal execution. It selects the `primaryForkId` which will be used to run the proposal simulation. It executes `deploy()`, `afterDeployMock()`, `build()`, `simulate()`, `validate()`, `print()` and `addresses.updateJson()` in that order if the flag for a function is set to true. `deploy()` is encapsulated in start and stop broadcast. This is done so that contracts can be deployed on-chain.

    Flags used in `run()` function:

    -   **DO_DEPLOY**: When set to true, triggers the deployment of contracts on-chain.

>     -   **DO_AFTER_DEPLOY_MOCK**: When set to true, initiates post-deployment mocking processes. Essential for testing or simulating scenarios after deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **DO_AFTER_DEPLOY_MOCK**: When set to true, initiates post-deployment mocking processes. Used to simulate an action that has not happened yet for testing such as dealing tokens for testing or simulating scenarios after deployment.
```

    -   **DO_BUILD**: When set to true, controls the build process and transforms plain solidity code into calldata encoded for the user's governance model.
    -   **DO_SIMULATE**: When set to true, allows for the simulation of saved actions during the `build` step.
    -   **DO_VALIDATE**: When set to true, validates the system state post-proposal simulation.
    -   **DO_PRINT**: When set to true, prints proposal description, actions, and calldata.

>     -   **DO_UPDATE_ADDRESS_JSON**: When set to true, updates the `Addresses.json` file with the newly added and changed addresses.

Reviewer: Add default values to the docs

    Flags used in `run()` function:

>     -   **DO_DEPLOY**: When set to true, triggers the deployment of contracts on-chain. Default value is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **DO_DEPLOY**: When set to true, triggers the deployment of contracts on-chain. Default value is true.
```
